At that moment, I of course was blissfully unaware of Zaac's attempts. I was searching through old receipts trying to put together the pieces of the old Brom files, and how much cash I'd outlaid on getting him to talk. It meant a great deal of clattering around an office so dank and cluttered I would be hard-pressed to figure out why a human would voluntarily reside there.

This is always the case in the Stacks. The cold and the humidity creates a dankness when your space isn't right up against some sort of heat conduit, and if you're there the result is a swelter season. It's very rare to find a location down here with a temperature remaining constant for mre than an hour or two at a time. This is why we move, why we're out on the streets.

I think about finding Brom for our interviews and it never happened the same way twice. He was one of the biggest baddest assholes down here, facing down cultists and plague victims (okay that doesn't paint him in the most generous light, but goddam those slobs got scary in a mob) and all the other assholes who just had more firepower.

His gang had a lair somewhere. A place they holed up to spend their loot and repair their shit between their extortions. The bludbollers, they didn't. They always just seemed to show up, melting in out of the shadows. But there'd been some sort of salary cap on them right? If I was keeping receipts, someone must have been doing it for the teams too.

Perhaps I did have something useful for Zaac.

***

Despite what you may have heard we do have a bit of culture down in Stacksburg. Not just the culture we make ourselves, the ballet of bullets and poverty the upspire assholes love to romanticize about our lives here. I mean, there isn't an opera house, but we do have a library. And many days it is open to the public.

The library is, like so much of Stacksburg, a repurposed bit of machinery. It's a big bit, but it bears the imprint of lubricants and machine rounded edges that have been pitted away by airborne chemicals you really don't want to open your eyes too much around. It's gross and very easily too painful for most people to handle.

It was an auger or drill, not from the recent elevator project, but apparently one they'd tried back in the early days of the colony. The spirefolk thought we weren't getting to paradise quick enough so they needed more fuel. Drill drill drill and pull up all the frozen power you can handle.

This particular bit of machinery that is our storehouse of knowledge is down the bottom of a pit. I don't care much for the moleman approach so the main ramps work out all right.